docs(grid, treelist): linked popup templates articles in customization (#1475)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/grid/templates/popup-form-template.md

# Popup Form Template

With the `FormTemplate` feature, you can customize the appearance and content of the create/edit Popup window of the grid. To set it, provide contents to the `<FormTemplate>` inner tag of the `<GridPopupEditFormSettings>`.

> You can use the `Context` attribute of the `<FormTemplate>` tag to set the name of the context variable. The context variable is of type `object` and can be cast to the model type to which the grid is bound.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `Context` attribute of the `<FormTemplate>` tag to set the name of the context variable. The context variable is of type `object` and can be cast to the model type to which the Grid is bound.
```

With the `FormTemplate` feature, you can customize the appearance and content of the create/edit Popup window of the Grid.

> >When a `FormTemplate` is declared, the Grid no longer handles the Update and Cancel operations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
>When you declare a `FormTemplate`, the Grid no longer handles the Update and Cancel operations.
```
